Scene - Intro:

An odd occurrence has happened: You awoke in the middle of the night to a chime-like noise. Tracing the source to your closet, you found a most peculiar thing. There was a skeleton in the closet. Without thinking you shut the door between you and the nightly intruder.

Luckily for you, there is no handle inside the closet, so the skeleton can’t get out. Now it’s up to you to ensure the skeleton doesn’t escape and spook you good. As long as the door remains closed the skeleton cannot escape.

Scene - Room:

Day {score + 1}

1. The skeleton remains trapped in the closet. You can hear the naked bone shimmy against the door. Surprisingly, the skeleton doesn’t seem to be trying to get out.
2. It’s quiet, too quiet. The typical sounds of the skeleton are not being heard.
3. You hear a crash as a bunch of boxes fall over. The stupid skeleton knocked over your favorite china (which for some reason you store in the closet). Anger swells as you curse the troublemaker.
4. You really, REALLY want the shirt in the closet today. But you freakish friend is still in there.
5. Rainy day. Too bad your rain boots are in the closet. I mean, you could always go get them…
6. You’re going to have company today. What will your friends think about the skeleton in the closet?
7. You rush upstairs to find the board game. You stop dead in the doorway of the room: It’s in the closet.
8. It’s only a skeleton, how bad could it be?
9. The hiking trip you had planned is today, yay! Your hiking boots are in the closet.
10. You hear the sound of a xylophone playing. Even skeletons must get bored.
11. How have you not opened the closet door yet?
12. Today’s the day. You go ahead and Google, ‘skeleton in closet’. Hours later you find yourself watching videos about how aliens built the pyramids. There’s always tomorrow.
13. You suddenly awake in the middle of the night.
14. The seasons are changing and would like to get some of the clothes packed away in the closet.
15. You’re playing hide-and-seek. You will be found soon if you don’t hide quick. The closet is always your go-to hiding spot.

What do you do?

open door -> Closet
nothing - > Day

Scene - Day:

The rest of the day occurs without incident.

Scene - Closet

You move closer to the closet door. It’s very quiet, and you hesitate a moment. Clearly this could all be nothing, no more than simple nighttime fantasies. You regain control and steel yourself. Placing your hand on the knob, you slowly turn and pull the door open.

You open your eyes and see the skeleton still there, unfazed by the time spent in the closet. You get spooked.

Congratulations, you went {score} days without being spooked! Maybe you’ll do better next time.

license

